Add lifecycle to baremetal doc (#5388)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/tasks/cluster/cluster-scale/baremetal-scale.md

#### Upgrade Cluster Command for Scale Up/Down

1. eksctl CLI: To create a workload cluster with eksctl, run:
    ```bash
    eksctl anywhere upgrade cluster 
    -f cluster.yaml 
    # --hardware-csv <hardware.csv> \ # uncomment to add more hardware
   --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
    ```
    As noted earlier, adding the `--kubeconfig` option tells `eksctl` to use the management cluster identified by that kubeconfig file to create a different workload cluster.

> 2. kubectl CLI: The cluster lifecycle feature lets you use kubectl to talk to the Kubernetes API to upgrade a workload cluster. To use kubectl, run:

Reviewer: Users can also add hardware before trying to upgrade clusters, we can add the steps here too for using eksctl anywhere generate hardware.

Author: It's already mentioned [here](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/5388/files#diff-b516ccc1914bec43097746019578989d8d81a60724e389e1fa844afa3a665aaeR61)

     ```bash
     kubectl apply -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
     ```
   

> 3. GitOps**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with GitOps]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-flux.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-gitops" >}})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **GitOps**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with GitOps]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-flux.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-gitops" >}})
```

> 4. Terraform**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with Terraform]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-terraform.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-terraform" >}})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. **Terraform**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with Terraform]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-terraform.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-terraform" >}})
```

   >**NOTE**:For kubectl, GitOps and Terraform:

>    > * Please don't perform scaling and k8s version change at the same request, as the request will be rejected.

Reviewer: same as above https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/5388/files#r1152358049

#### Upgrade Cluster Command for Scale Up/Down

1. eksctl CLI: To create a workload cluster with eksctl, run:

    ##### With Hardware CSV File
    
    ```bash

>     eksctl anywhere upgrade cluster -f cluster.yaml --hardware-csv <hardware.csv>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    eksctl anywhere upgrade cluster \
         # --hardware-csv <hardware.csv>  \  # uncomment to add more hardware
         -f cluster.yaml 
```
We could do that same thing here. Drop "With/Without Hardware CSV..." and use one example.

    ```
    
    ##### Without Hardware CSV File
    
    ```bash
    eksctl anywhere upgrade cluster -f cluster.yaml
    ```

> 2. kubectl CLI: The cluster lifecycle feature lets you use kubectl to talks to the Kubernetes API to create a workload cluster. To use kubectl, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. kubectl CLI: The cluster lifecycle feature lets you use kubectl to talk to the Kubernetes API to upgrade a workload cluster. To use kubectl, run:
```

     ```bash
     kubectl apply -f eksa-w01-cluster.yaml --kubeconfig mgmt/mgmt-eks-a-cluster.kubeconfig
     ```

>     As noted earlier, adding the `--kubeconfig` option tells `eksctl` to use the management cluster identified by that kubeconfig file to create a different workload cluster.

Reviewer: This line should be moved above, before the kubectl section.

3. GitOps**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with GitOps]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-flux.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-gitops" >}})

4. Terraform**: See [Manage separate workload clusters with Terraform]({{< relref "../../tasks/cluster/cluster-terraform.md#manage-separate-workload-clusters-using-terraform" >}})

   >**NOTE**:For kubectl, GitOps and Terraform:
   >

>    > You can't add additional hardware when scaling workload cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   > * You can't add additional hardware when scaling workload cluster.
```
If these are two separate issues, perhaps you could add a bullet to each. If you do this, check to make sure it doesn't mess up the formatting.

   >

>    >  If you want to scale up multiple workload clusters, you should scale them up one by one, and make sure its completely up and running successfully by checking tinkerbell machines, before attempting to scale the next workload cluster. Attempting to scale up multiple workload clusters without letting the requests complete successfully can cause hardware race conditions. In a situation where sufficient hardware is not provisioned, the creation would fail at the CAPT level.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   > *  If you want to scale up multiple workload clusters, you should scale them up one by one. Make sure each is completely up and running successfully by checking Tinkerbell machines before attempting to scale the next workload cluster. Attempting to scale up multiple workload clusters without letting the requests complete successfully can cause hardware race conditions. In a situation where sufficient hardware is not provisioned, the creation would fail at the CAPT level.
```

>    >  If you want to scale up multiple workload clusters, you should scale them up one by one, and make sure its completely up and running successfully by checking tinkerbell machines, before attempting to scale the next workload cluster. Attempting to scale up multiple workload clusters without letting the requests complete successfully can cause hardware race conditions. In a situation where sufficient hardware is not provisioned, the creation would fail at the CAPT level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >  If you want to upgrade multiple workload clusters, you should upgrade them up one by one, and make sure each cluster is completely up and running successfully by checking tinkerbell machines, before attempting to upgrade the next workload cluster. Attempting to upgrade multiple workload clusters without letting the requests complete successfully can cause hardware race conditions. In a situation where sufficient hardware is not provisioned, the creation would fail at the CAPT level.
```

   >

>    > This also applied to sending scaling requests to the same workload cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > This also applies to sending upgrade requests to the same workload cluster. For instance, sending a Kubernetes version upgrade request to a workload cluster, and immediately sending a scale up request without letting the Kubernetes version upgrade run through.
```
